README.md, before:

# AWS Managed Service for Prometheus (AMP) Terraform module

Terraform module which creates AWS Managed Service for Prometheus (AMP) resources.

## Usage

See [`examples`](./examples) directory for working examples to reference:

```hcl
module "prometheus" {
  source = "clowdhaus/managed-service-prometheus/aws"

  workspace_alias = "example"

  alert_manager_definition = <<-EOT
  alertmanager_config: |
    route:
      receiver: 'default'
    receivers:
      - name: 'default'
  EOT

  rule_group_namespaces = {
    first = {
      name = "rule-01"
      data = <<-EOT
      groups:
        - name: test
          rules:
          - record: metric:recording_rule
            expr: avg(rate(container_cpu_usage_seconds_total[5m]))
      EOT
    }
    second = {
      name = "rule-02"
      data = <<-EOT
      groups:
        - name: test
          rules:
          - record: metric:recording_rule
            expr: avg(rate(container_cpu_usage_seconds_total[5m]))
      EOT
    }
  }
}
```

## Examples

Examples codified under the [`examples`](./examples) are intended to give users references for how to use the module(s) as well as testing/validating changes to the source code of the module. If contributing to the project, please be sure to make any appropriate updates to the relevant examples to allow maintainers to test your changes and to keep the examples up to date for users. Thank you!

- [Complete](./examples/complete)

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.13.1 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 4.1 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 4.1 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_prometheus_alert_manager_definition.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/prometheus_alert_manager_definition) | resource |
| [aws_prometheus_rule_group_namespace.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/prometheus_rule_group_namespace) | resource |
| [aws_prometheus_workspace.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/prometheus_workspace) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_alert_manager_definition"></a> [alert\_manager\_definition](#input\_alert\_manager\_definition) | The alert manager definition that you want to be applied. See more in the [AWS Docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prometheus/latest/userguide/AMP-alert-manager.html) | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_create"></a> [create](#input\_create) | Determines whether a resources will be created | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_rule_group_namespaces"></a> [rule\_group\_namespaces](#input\_rule\_group\_namespaces) | A map of one or more rule group namespace definitions | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to add to all resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_workspace_alias"></a> [workspace\_alias](#input\_workspace\_alias) | The alias of the prometheus workspace. See more in the [AWS Docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prometheus/latest/userguide/AMP-onboard-create-workspace.html) | `string` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_workspace_arn"></a> [workspace\_arn](#output\_workspace\_arn) | Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the workspace |
| <a name="output_workspace_id"></a> [workspace\_id](#output\_workspace\_id) | Identifier of the workspace |
| <a name="output_workspace_prometheus_endpoint"></a> [workspace\_prometheus\_endpoint](#output\_workspace\_prometheus\_endpoint) | Prometheus endpoint available for this workspace |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## License

Apache-2.0 Licensed. See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

Commit message:

feat: Repo has moved to [terraform-aws-modules](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-managed-service-prometheus) organization

README.md, after:

# AWS Managed Service for Prometheus (AMP) Terraform module

## ⚠️ Module has move to `terraform-aws-modules`

This module has moved to the terraform-aws-modules organization. Users will need to update their module source:

```diff
- source = "clowdhaus/managed-service-prometheus/aws"
+ source = "terraform-aws-modules/managed-service-prometheus/aws"
```

Terraform module which creates AWS Managed Service for Prometheus (AMP) resources.

## Usage

See [`examples`](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-managed-service-prometheus/tree/main/examples) directory for working examples to reference:

```hcl
module "prometheus" {
  source = "terraform-aws-modules/managed-service-prometheus/aws"

  workspace_alias = "example"

  alert_manager_definition = <<-EOT
  alertmanager_config: |
    route:
      receiver: 'default'
    receivers:
      - name: 'default'
  EOT

  rule_group_namespaces = {
    first = {
      name = "rule-01"
      data = <<-EOT
      groups:
        - name: test
          rules:
          - record: metric:recording_rule
            expr: avg(rate(container_cpu_usage_seconds_total[5m]))
      EOT
    }
    second = {
      name = "rule-02"
      data = <<-EOT
      groups:
        - name: test
          rules:
          - record: metric:recording_rule
            expr: avg(rate(container_cpu_usage_seconds_total[5m]))
      EOT
    }
  }
}
```

## Examples

Examples codified under the [`examples`](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-managed-service-prometheus/tree/main/examples) are intended to give users references for how to use the module(s) as well as testing/validating changes to the source code of the module. If contributing to the project, please be sure to make any appropriate updates to the relevant examples to allow maintainers to test your changes and to keep the examples up to date for users. Thank you!

- [Complete](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-managed-service-prometheus/tree/main/examples/complete)

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.13.1 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 4.1 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 4.1 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_prometheus_alert_manager_definition.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/prometheus_alert_manager_definition) | resource |
| [aws_prometheus_rule_group_namespace.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/prometheus_rule_group_namespace) | resource |
| [aws_prometheus_workspace.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/prometheus_workspace) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_alert_manager_definition"></a> [alert\_manager\_definition](#input\_alert\_manager\_definition) | The alert manager definition that you want to be applied. See more in the [AWS Docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prometheus/latest/userguide/AMP-alert-manager.html) | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_create"></a> [create](#input\_create) | Determines whether a resources will be created | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_rule_group_namespaces"></a> [rule\_group\_namespaces](#input\_rule\_group\_namespaces) | A map of one or more rule group namespace definitions | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to add to all resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_workspace_alias"></a> [workspace\_alias](#input\_workspace\_alias) | The alias of the prometheus workspace. See more in the [AWS Docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prometheus/latest/userguide/AMP-onboard-create-workspace.html) | `string` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_workspace_arn"></a> [workspace\_arn](#output\_workspace\_arn) | Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the workspace |
| <a name="output_workspace_id"></a> [workspace\_id](#output\_workspace\_id) | Identifier of the workspace |
| <a name="output_workspace_prometheus_endpoint"></a> [workspace\_prometheus\_endpoint](#output\_workspace\_prometheus\_endpoint) | Prometheus endpoint available for this workspace |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## License

Apache-2.0 Licensed. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-managed-service-prometheus/blob/main/LICENSE).
